Welcome to the Build Bazaar, Exile! 

You can create builds on the left by clicking the "Create Build" button. Marking a build Public will allow other users to view and copy that build. You can edit existing builds by clicking the pencil that appears when hovering over it. There is a button to collapse the sidebar as well as a filter located just under the Build Bazaar logo. The links at top of the page will take you to some of the most useful Path of Exile websites, there is a PoE / PoE 2 toggle to change these depending on what game you're currently playing.

This is an excellent column to record any notes you may have regarding your build. Item choices, currency making strategies, regex snippets, nice places to see around Wraeclast, anything you see fit really. Hit the "Edit Note" button to make changes and don't forget to save!

The middle column can be used to view other websites within this website. Hover over the button at the top to access the list and create new entries; you can edit or delete URLs by clicking the pencil next to it. A great use of these is to be able to see your skill trees while leveling, I've included some PoE Planner Links as well as a Pobb.in. PoE Ninja works well if you want to keep an eye on an item or have currency conversion rates available at a glance. Maybe you want to takeover the scarab market and monitor your currency making kingdom from Wealthy Exile, that works too! Unfortunately, due to restrictions on some websites, not all sites can be displayed in this window. Fret not, you can still save those URLs and open them in a new tab by clicking the square with an arrow in corner; I have labeled these with a [Pop Out] tag. Having all of your trade searches, crafting projects, and build resources available in one click can save tremendous amounts of time. As with Path of Exile, your imagination will unlock the true power of this tool, experiment and see what works best!

The third column is for storing images that you may want to see at a glance. Having various cheatsheets ready to go for all of the different league mechanics is a no brainer. Perhaps you want a simple diagram outlining your gem swaps so you can finally beat Ben for that top spot on the ladder, or maybe just a picture of your pet Rhoa to keep you motivated. Upload new images by clicking the "Upload Image" button and selecting the image you want. If you want to see any image fullscreen, double-click it or click the expand arrows that appear when you hover on the image. If an image is no longer needed you can delete it by clicking the "X" that appears on hover. You can reorder your images by dragging them into new positions.